  * User is shown a default view of their projected schedule, can be today, this week, or this month view based on their preference. This view can also be changed to one of the other view types by using a drop-down menu
  * Shows all scheduled events with their titles and with important additional notes or location info, etc, if the user has input this kind of info for that particular event, some info may be hidden if too much is present to display easily
  * Quick edit: selecting a specific event will open a quick edit drop-down for that event
    * Input boxes for all characteristics for this event’s type that would be present at event creation are displayed. Any previously input data is of course displayed here as well. This will include things like title, notes, location, weather requirements, reminder/alarm types, etc
    * Inputs for settings that are always present for that event type or events in general, like reminder types, event icon color, etc will have a checkbox that allows the user to set this as a default setting for all events of that type or for all events in general (if applicable). This will alter the general settings of the app, but will only alter the settings of that individual event otherwise.
    * When the user has multiple events with the same name as the selected event, the option will be presented to edit all events with this name at once
    * A “save” and “cancel” button at the bottom of the drop-down will allow the user to save their edits or to discard all of their edits. If the user selects “cancel” and they have edited or added information in the event they will be asked if they are sure they want to discard their changes.
  * Event shifting/splitting/length change/duplication/deletion/date change: selecting a specific event in a different manner (maybe a long press or a certain button) will allow the user to edit their events from a schedule-blocking perspective. A tray will appear next to the day’s schedule. The user can temporarily move events to this tray in order to complete shifts which would require multiple events to be shifted since moving one event at a time could cause time conflicts. For example, this feature would allow the user to swap the order of two events so that no time conflicts are incurred in intermediate shifting steps
    * Shifting: 
      * the user can slide the event box to open blocks of time that can fit the event. 
      * For events that do not have a rigid time length, the user can move the event to a smaller block of time that does not fit the event and will be prompted to length change and/or split the event.
