For this project, we have chosen JavaScript/Dart as the language. Flutter for frontend development and Express for backend.
For database we have chosen MongoDB and MongoChef for GUI.
For code management it is git and github.

First of all MongoChef，javascript and github are suggested by the professor in class. 
JavaScript has many resouces available online and is easy to learn. JavaScript is also a user side language and thus more codes are executed on the user’s processor instead of the web server thus it saves bandwidth and load on the web server. Which being a student project we don't have much of a server. JavaScript also doesn't need compilation and is easier to test and debug. It is also platform independent so it is easier to potentially port to phones as a app.
Dart is the programming lanauge that is developed by Google and we need to use it to use Flutter. However it is similar to JavaScript so it is easier for us to learn and use.
Flutter is an open-source UI software development kit created by Google. It is used to develop applications for Android, iOS, Windows, Mac, Linux, and the web. So it would be easier for us to port this web application to Android/iOS as a native app in the future. We believe this project has some good ideas and even the potiential to generate some real world income if done right. Flutter also seems easier to start with and rely less on third party libraries. It is also simple to use/develop and has good performance for mobile environment and has good UI design ability which is important for us to build a calender app. And we can store a copy of user's schedule on the client for offline operation.
Express is a web application framework and is a industry standard for Node.js (JavaScript runtime environment). So it would be easier for us to find guides on it. It should also have good support for MongoDB which is our chosen database suggested by the professor.
MongoDB is suggested by the professor in lecture. It should be easier to learn than SQL which requires its own entire class to learn. MongoDB's storage is also similar to JSON which would be similar to the other compoents that we are trying to use for this project. It is also easier to work on MongoDB collectively which is important for this project.
Github is of course the industry standard that everyone uses. And we are already putting everything else on git as a requirement for homework submission so why not just stick with it.
